Debug False in production and logs


Poll
PhotoAlbum to Location
Insert Image WYSIWYG


 * Test again
Social Buttons - FB, Twitter, Pinterest etc

 * Nice to have:
Avatar photo for user
Photo Album associated to Event for flyers, like for location
Contact - captcha
Contact HTML
Icons: success, warning, error, info, etc...
Code Comments, Doc tests, License




- Music Management

 - Think about remove QUICK actions for instruments plays in table (for
   performance reasons). Will be a bad idea for the cases which user may
   want add lots of instruments at once in repertory. But, maybe would be
   better remove quick actions like Documents, Audio Segments, Music Score,
   etc.

 - Verify song line, to avoid lots of repeatedely html elements in table,
   for example (menus status, mode, tonality, MAYBE add player)

 - Create a repertory item view, for best edition, and include inside:
   - Document upload;
   - Notes;
   - Music Score:
   - Videos;
   - Audio segments;

 - Document and notes: Think about the items above being shared with other
   players each other, for example: a note or document for the whole repertory
   item, or a single same note or document for 2 or 3 instruments. How to
   implement this in interface. Is this practical? User will get confused?
   Maybe user only document for each player and whole repertory, or just for
   the whole repertory, I don't know.
   Considering the other nice features score, cifra, audio etc, that would
   be very nice to have for each player/instrument, maybe will be enough
   let just document and notes for the repertory item only, nothing else.

 - Lyrics easy download, will be very usefull for the feature below.

 - Music score, tablature, cifra, audio segments, notes:
   - Could be an unique infra structure based on LYRICS!
   - 3 options:
     1. based on lyrics (the base music score (the music score itself) will
        belong to repertory item);
     2. from scratch based on a time signature, free editing, free lyrics,
        blank "pautas"
     bdlabdlfbald pensar muito, pq tem ainda o lance do MIDI


1    -    2    -    3    -    4
               Tell          me

1    -    2    -    3    -    4
why

1    -    2    -    3    -    4
          you  cried

1    -    2    -    3    -    4
          and       why       you

1    -    2    -    3    -    4
lied                          to

1    -    2    -    3    -    4
me

